The Black Roof
The black roof is out of town
The sun shines brightly
The smoke rises silently
Come on, everyone
Jazz is fun
Let's all get along
Why are there so many children dancing?
Don't you know? That's a music club
It's very fun
Shall we go?
Yes, let's go
This is my first time
Really?
There are a lot of people there
That's a music club
Music bath, music club
Everyone is in line
They're all in line
This bath is
You have to make music no matter what
See, they're doing it
This is a music club
The girl is coming
I see, it's fun
That man is happy
He's dancing with his hands dirty
He's rubbing his hands with his hands
He's rubbing his hands lightly
It's like he's risking his life
But it's fun
What's that over there?
He's dancing with his hands dirty
The bottom of the music bath is out
I guess he's not feeling well
That's Mr. Bantou
It's Nagashi, let's call him
Mr. Bantou, please
Please
Ha ha ha ha
Come on, let's wash your back
If you wash your face and become clean
The cute girl will come to see you again
Let's wash our backs together
After that, after that
The morning will fall
Ah, it's dirty
Come on, come on
While rubbing your hands with your hands
If you look closely at your body
It's dark, dirty, and thin
It looks like a rose
It looks like a blue-tinted tank
Come on, come on
My back bone broke
My arm broke too